[OSDOCS-6377] Update kuryr-ovn kubernetes migration docs (#62843)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-kuryr-cleanup.adoc

[NOTE]
====
The clean up process relies on a Python virtual environment to ensure that the package versions that you use support tags for Octavia objects. You do not need a virtual environment if you are certain that your environment uses at minimum:

> * `openstacksdk` version 0.54.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `openstacksdk`Python package version 0.54.0
```

Reviewer: Would it be acurate to say something like the above? I think this needs a "the" and I saw this elsewhere: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/migrate-from-kuryr-sdn.html#nw-kuryr-migration_migrate-from-kuryr-sdn

* `python-openstackclient` version 5.5.0

> * `python-octaviaclient` version 2.3.0

Reviewer: Same comment here

> If you decide to use those particular versions, be sure to pull `python-neutronclient` prior to version 9.0.0, as it will prevent you from accessing trunks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you decide to use these versions, be sure to pull `python-neutronclient` prior to version 9.0.0, as it prevents you from accessing trunks.
```

Reviewer: Avoid using future tense

Reviewer: Can "those particular" be swapped for "these" 🤔 I think that makes it clearer that you're referring to the preceding list.

Author: Ack

The clean up process relies on a Python virtual environment to ensure that the package versions that you use support tags for Octavia objects. You do not need a virtual environment if you are certain that your environment uses at minimum:
* `openstacksdk` version 0.54.0
* `python-openstackclient` version 5.5.0

> * `python-octaviaclient` version 2.3.0

Reviewer 2: Can't directly make suggestions on deleted lines for whatever reason, but I think this needs to be restructured to make the list work.

```
The clean up process relies on a Python virtual environment to ensure that the package versions that you use support tags for Octavia objects. You do not need a virtual environment if you are certain that your environment uses at minimum:

* `openstacksdk` version 0.54.0

* `python-openstackclient` version 5.5.0

* `python-octaviaclient` version 2.3.0
```

Author: oh, right.

+
[source,terminal]
----
(venv) $ pip install --upgrade pip
----
.. Install the required Python packages by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> (venv) $ pip install openstacksdk==0.54.0 python-openstackclient==5.5.0 python-octaviaclient==2.3.0 'python-neutronclient<9.0.0'

Author: BTW, should a note be added why we are preventing installing python-neutronclient in version 9 or higher?

Reviewer 2: If it's helpful context, sure.

Author: Added comment on this in the note section.
